the sound of Cutlery in this relief
kitchena must be music to the ears of
hundreds of thousands of Palestinians
facing
starvation it's been nearly 6 months
since the Israeli offensive began
coupled with a near total Siege the
majority of these Palestinians have been
forced from their homes in the north the
holy month of Ramadan reminds them of
better days in the past Ramadan Cann end
up no we have certain preparations and
decorations and rituals for the holy
month of Ramadan this year the situation
is different and as you can see everyone
depends on the aid and support from
others we lived in peace and security
during the last month of Ramadan we were
living in our houses the markets were
full and we could buy anything for our
children but the situation this current
Ramadan is different because of the war
instead of buying fresh fruits and
vegetables from the markets now we only
eat canned
food with only tiny amounts of Aid
getting in every local effort is crucial
Thea hospice charity is one of the local
groups that helped in the survival of
thousands of people in southern
Gaza we prepare food for the people here
since the first day of the war during
the holy month of Ramadan we need to
exert more efforts we divided ourselves
into two teams the first for cooking
rice and meat
and the second for cooking other things
such as beans peas lentils Etc we try
our best to provide food to the displac
people here in
Rafa but it hasn't always been easy with
the sheer scarcity of
supplies we Face some difficulties such
as the lack of meat rice and oil at the
beginning of the war we used to cook
five cves but now this is difficult due
to the lack of CES and they very high
price if found RAF is facing the double
threat of famine and the potential
Israel ground offensive but the
situation in Northern Gaza is already
tragic on Sunday Israel informed the UN
that it would no longer allow food
convoys to the area as famine edges
closer families there are forced into
dire choices for survival the need for
safe unhindered humanitarian support has
never been more urgent Muhammad van
Jaz make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer